# FWB

**Angel**

Work was boring.  I was in the kitchen doing dishes.  I stayed till closing and then even after.  I had every intention of calling Zane when we closed but Ant showed up.  Cino let him in as he helped me clean up.

Ant stood in the doorway.  "Hey."

I washed down the stainless steel counter and smiled.  "Hey, what you doing here?"

"Can't I come see you?  You've been so busy with school this semester.  We haven't hung out in weeks.  Cora broke up with me."

"Ah.  So you are bored."

"A little more than bored."

"Ant.  Ain't happening man."  I pulled my phone out of my pocket and sent Zane a text.

_good time to call?  Still at work closing up for Babbo._

"Why not?"  He took a few steps closer.  "Don't tell me _you_ have a girl?"

My phone buzzed back and I glanced at it.

Zane: _Sure.  But I'll walk you home. Stay put._

I grinned.  Ant took my phone from my hand.  "Zane huh?  She hot? What do you want to say?"

"Just say okay."

Ant typed out my message and showed me it's simple message.  "You gonna let her walk you home, you that whipped?"

I grinned at him.  "He is hot and yes I'm going to let him walk me home.  If that makes me whipped so be it Ant.  Our rules apply Ant."

"Fuck Angel."  He closed the difference between us and pressed me against the counter.  "You can't be serious."  His fingers curled under my chin and he gripped it tight.  "You don't date.  You don't have boyfriends, or girlfriends.  You just fuck em and leave em."

"Yeah that sounds like a perfect life."  I spat out.

He pressed his body against mine and whispered in my ear.  "Resa."

I closed my eyes and my body went limp.  I couldn't help it.  I didn't want to.  Ant kissed my neck.  I whispered "Red."

He took a step back "Jesus, Angel. I didn't even do anything."

There was a knock on the door and I went to answer it.  "Ant, I told you it wasn't going to happen."  I let Zane in and pressed a kiss to his cheek.  "I didn't expect to see you today."

"I needed to see you.  Rough day with my family and two more days to go."

I pointed to Ant.  "This is Ant.  Ant this is Zane."

Zane held his hand out to Ant and Ant took it but I knew he was weighing Zane.  Ant asked, "So how do you know Angel?"

Zane smirked.  "I've seen him around."  His hand snaked around my waist.

Ant laughed.  "A little worried?  He submit to you yet?"

"Ant."  I said trying to stop a fight from starting.  Ant moved towards me and Zane with a grin plastered on his lips.

"Watch."  He said as he stepped next to me and put his hand on my chest.  "Resa."

I closed my eyes and my body went slack again.   He chuckled.  "You could do whatever you wanted to him.  Though hitting will make him safe word at even the mention of it."

Zane pulled me close and I fell into him.  Zane's voice was angry, "And you are his friend? "

"I'm alot more than just his friend.  I'm the only one he keeps coming back to."

Zane laughed.  "And who is he curling up to to feel safe?"

"Take me home, please."  I whispered.



